feat(documentation): Add information about the configuration options of install script (#135)
DataDog/agent-linux-install-script: README.md

* https://s3.amazonaws.com/dd-agent/scripts/install_script_agent6.sh to install Agent 6
* https://s3.amazonaws.com/dd-agent/scripts/install_script_agent7.sh to install Agent 7

## Agent install script usage

> Basic usage instructions for the agent install script are in the [Datadog App](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic usage instructions for the Agent install script are in the [Datadog App](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent/overview).
```

### Agent configuration options

> Install script allows installation of different flavours of the Agent binaries and allows automatic setting of some configuration options. We list them below with their diffent possible values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The install script allows installation of different flavors of the Agent binaries and allows you to set some some configuration options automatically. We list them below with their different possible values. 
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> All variables are optional except `DD_API_KEY`, which is required unless `DD_UPGRADE` (upgrade from datadog-agent 5) is set.

> [!WARNING]

> > Install script input options are only considered at initial installation, and they don't overwrite pre-existing configuration files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The install script input options are only considered at initial installation and they don't overwrite pre-existing configuration files
```

> > The install script input options are only considered at initial installation and they don't overwrite pre-existing configuration files

Reviewer 2: <!-- Nitpicks are small, trivial, but necessary changes. Distinguishing nitpick comments significantly helps direct the reader's attention to comments requiring more involvement.  -->
**🥜 nitpick:** ‏ 
```suggestion
> The install script input options are only considered at initial installation and they don't overwrite pre-existing configuration files.
```

| Variable | Description|
|-|-|

> |`DD_AGENT_FLAVOR`|The agent binary to install. Possible values are `datadog-agent`(default), `datadog-iot-agent`, `datadog-dogstatsd`, `datadog-fips-proxy`, `datadog-heroku-agent`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_AGENT_FLAVOR`|The Agent binary to install. Possible values are `datadog-agent`(default), `datadog-iot-agent`, `datadog-dogstatsd`, `datadog-fips-proxy`, `datadog-heroku-agent`.|
```

|`DD_API_KEY`|The application key to access Datadog's programatic API.|

> |`DD_SITE`|The site of the Datadog intake to send Agent data to (e.g. `datadoghq.com`)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_SITE`|The site of the Datadog intake to send Agent data to. For example, `datadoghq.com`. For more information on Datadog sites, see [Getting Started with Datadog Sites](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/)|
```

> |`DD_SITE`|The site of the Datadog intake to send Agent data to. For example, `datadoghq.com`. For more information on Datadog sites, see [Getting Started with Datadog Sites](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/)|

Reviewer 2: <!-- Nitpicks are small, trivial, but necessary changes. Distinguishing nitpick comments significantly helps direct the reader's attention to comments requiring more involvement.  -->
**🥜 nitpick:** ‏ 
```suggestion
|`DD_SITE`|The site of the Datadog intake to send Agent data to. For example, `datadoghq.com`. For more information on Datadog sites, see [Getting Started with Datadog Sites](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/).|
```

> |`DD_URL`|The host of the Datadog intake server to send metrics to (e.g. `https://app.datadoghq.com`). Only set this option if you need the Agent to send metrics to a custom URL: it overrides the site setting defined in "site". It does not affect APM, Logs or Live Process intake which have their own "*_dd_url" settings.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_URL`|The host of the Datadog intake server to send metrics to. For example, `https://app.datadoghq.com`. Only set this option if you need the Agent to send metrics to a custom URL: it overrides the site setting defined in `site`. It does not affect APM, Logs or Live Process intake which have their own `*_dd_url` settings.|
```

> |`DD_HOSTNAME`|Force the hostname name.|

Reviewer 2: <!-- Nitpicks are small, trivial, but necessary changes. Distinguishing nitpick comments significantly helps direct the reader's attention to comments requiring more involvement.  -->
**🥜 nitpick:** ‏"hostname name" sounds awkward, perhaps "hostname value".
```suggestion
|`DD_HOSTNAME`|Force the hostname value.|
```

> |`DD_HOST_TAGS`|List of host tags, defined as a comma-separated list of `key:value` strings (e.g. `team:infra,env:prod`) Attached in-app to every metric, event, log, trace, and service check emitted by this Agent.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_HOST_TAGS`|List of host tags, defined as a comma-separated list of `key:value` strings. For example, `team:infra,env:prod`. Host tags are attached in-app to every metric, event, log, trace, and service check emitted by this Agent.|
```

> |`DD_UPGRADE`|Set to any value to trigger a version upgrade from datadog-agent 5. It will import configuration files from `/etc/dd-agent/datadog.conf`. Not compatible with `DD_AGENT_FLAVOR=datadog-dogstatsd`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_UPGRADE`|Set to any value to trigger a version upgrade from datadog-agent 5. Imports configuration files from `/etc/dd-agent/datadog.conf`. Not compatible with `DD_AGENT_FLAVOR=datadog-dogstatsd`.|
```

> |`DD_FIPS_MODE`|Set to any value to enable the use of the FIPS proxy to send data to the DataDog backend. Enabling this will force all outgoing traffic from the Agent to the local proxy. It's important to note that enabling this will not make the Datadog Agent FIPS compliant, but will force all outgoing traffic to a local FIPS compliant proxy. By-pass `DD_SITE` and `DD_URL` when enabled|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_FIPS_MODE`|Set to any value to enable the use of the FIPS proxy to send data to the DataDog backend. Enabling this option forces all outgoing traffic from the Agent to the local proxy. It's important to note that enabling this will not make the Datadog Agent FIPS compliant, but will force all outgoing traffic to a local FIPS compliant proxy. By-pass `DD_SITE` and `DD_URL` when enabled. For more information on FIPS compliance, see [FIPS Compliance](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/configuration/agent-fips-proxy/).|
```

> |`DD_ENV`|The environment name where the agent is running. Attached in-app to every metric, event, log, trace, and service check emitted by this Agent.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_ENV`|The environment name where the Agent is running. The environment name is attached in-app to every metric, event, log, trace, and service check emitted by this Agent.|
```

> |`DD_APM_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED`|Automatically instrument all your application processes alongside agent installation. Possible values are `host`, `docker` or `all` (`all` is both `host` and `docker`). `docker` value will check if docker is installed and will set `DD_NO_INSTALL` to `true`. If `DD_APM_INSTRUMENTATION_LANGUAGES` is not set, it will enable all libraries: `java`, `js`, `python`, `dotnet` and `ruby`. `host` injection is not compatible with the `DD_NO_AGENT_INSTALL` option. Only supported on Agent v7. Not supported on SUSE.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_APM_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED`|Automatically instrument all your application processes alongside Agent installation. Possible values are `host`, `docker` or `all` (`all` is both `host` and `docker`). The `docker` value checks if Docker is installed and sets `DD_NO_INSTALL` to `true`. If `DD_APM_INSTRUMENTATION_LANGUAGES` is not set, it enables all libraries: `java`, `js`, `python`, `dotnet` and `ruby`. `host` injection is not compatible with the `DD_NO_AGENT_INSTALL` option. Only supported on Agent v7. Not supported on SUSE.|
```

> |`DD_APM_INSTRUMENTATION_LANGUAGES`|Specify the APM library to be installed. Possible values are `all`, `java`, `js`, `python`, `dotnet` and `ruby`. Does not run the APM injection script, which are triggered by `DD_APM_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_APM_INSTRUMENTATION_LANGUAGES`|Specify the APM library to be installed. Possible values are `all`, `java`, `js`, `python`, `dotnet` and `ruby`. Does not run the APM injection script, which is triggered by `DD_APM_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED`.|
```

|`DD_APM_INSTRUMENTATION_NO_CONFIG_CHANGE`|Set to any value to pass the `--no-config-change` option to the APM host injection script.|

> |`DD_SYSTEM_PROBE_ENSURE_CONFIG`|Create the system probe configuration file from templace, if it does not already exist.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_SYSTEM_PROBE_ENSURE_CONFIG`|Create the system probe configuration file from a template if it does not already exist.|
```
I'm assuming templace was a typo

> |`DD_RUNTIME_SECURITY_CONFIG_ENABLED`|If set to `true`, ensure creation of security agent and system probe configuration file (if they don't already exist), and enable Cloud Workload Security (CWS).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_RUNTIME_SECURITY_CONFIG_ENABLED`|If set to `true`, ensure creation of security Agent and system probe configuration file (if they don't already exist), and enable Cloud Workload Security (CWS).|
```

> |`DD_COMPLIANCE_CONFIG_ENABLED`|If set to `true`, ensure creation of security agent configuration file (if it doesn't already exist), and enable Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_COMPLIANCE_CONFIG_ENABLED`|If set to `true`, ensures the creation of a security Agent configuration file if one doesn't already exist, and enables Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM).|
```

> |`DD_INSTALL_ONLY`|Set to any value to prevent starting the agent after installation.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_INSTALL_ONLY`|Set to any value to prevent starting the Agent after installation.|
```

> |`DD_NO_AGENT_INSTALL`|Do not install the agent. It will install package signature keys and create configuration files if they don't already exist.Automatically set to `true` when `DD_APM_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED=docker`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_NO_AGENT_INSTALL`|Do not install the Agent. Instead, installs package signature keys and creates configuration files if they don't already exist. Automatically set to `true` when `DD_APM_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED=docker`.|
```

## Install script configuration options

> Install script also comes with its own configuration options for testing purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The install script also comes with its own configuration options for testing purpose.
```

>[!WARNING]

> > These options are for datadog internal use only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> These options are for Datadog internal use only.
```

| Variable | Description|
|-|-|

> |`DD_INSTRUMENTATION_TELEMETRY_ENABLED`|`true` if not set. When `false`, won't report telemetry to Datadog in case of script issue.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_INSTRUMENTATION_TELEMETRY_ENABLED`|`true` if not set. When `false`, doesn't report telemetry to Datadog in case of a script issue.|
```

> > These options are for Datadog internal use only.

Reviewer 2: <!-- Nitpicks are small, trivial, but necessary changes. Distinguishing nitpick comments significantly helps direct the reader's attention to comments requiring more involvement.  -->
**🥜 nitpick:** ‏We have given customers instructions to use some of these values at times.
```suggestion
> These options are intended for Datadog internal use only.
```

|`DD_REPO_URL`|Domain name of the package S3 bucket to target. Default to `datadoghq.com`.|
|`REPO_URL`|Deprecated, use `DD_REPO_URL` instead.|
|`DD_RPM_REPO_GPGCHECK`|Turn on or off the `repo_gpgcheck` on RPM distributions. Possible values are `0` or `1`. Unless explicitely set, we turn off when `DD_REPO_URL` is set.|
|`DD_AGENT_MAJOR_VERSION`|The Agent major version. Must be `6` or `7`|

> |`DD_AGENT_MINOR_VERSION`|Full or partial version numbers from the minor digit. Example: `20` will default to the highest patch version. `20.0~rc.5` will explicitely target this version. An invalid minor version will terminate the script.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_AGENT_MINOR_VERSION`|Full or partial version numbers from the minor digit. Example: `20` defaults to the highest patch version. `20.0~rc.5` explicitly targets this version. An invalid minor version terminates the script.|
```

> |`DD_AGENT_MAJOR_VERSION`|The Agent major version. Must be `6` or `7`|

Reviewer 2: <!-- Nitpicks are small, trivial, but necessary changes. Distinguishing nitpick comments significantly helps direct the reader's attention to comments requiring more involvement.  -->
**🥜 nitpick:** ‏ 
```suggestion
|`DD_AGENT_MAJOR_VERSION`|The Agent major version. Must be `6` or `7`.|
```

> |`DD_AGENT_DIST_CHANNEL`|The package distribution channel. Possible values are `stable` or `beta` on production repositories, and `stable`, `beta` or `nightly` on custom repositories. Other channels can be target by `TESTING_APT_URL` or `TESTING_YUM_URL`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`DD_AGENT_DIST_CHANNEL`|The package distribution channel. Possible values are `stable` or `beta` on production repositories, and `stable`, `beta` or `nightly` on custom repositories. Other channels can be targeted with `TESTING_APT_URL` or `TESTING_YUM_URL`|
```

|`TESTING_KEYS_URL`|The URL to retrieve the package signature keys. Default to `keys.datadoghq.com`.|

> |`TESTING_APT_URL`|Replace the whole APT bucket url. Useful to test with trial buckets.|
> |`TESTING_YUM_URL`|Replace the whole YUM bucket url. Useful to test with trial buckets.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`TESTING_APT_URL`|Replace the whole APT bucket URL. Useful to test with trial buckets.|
|`TESTING_YUM_URL`|Replace the whole YUM bucket URL. Useful to test with trial buckets.|
```

> |`DD_AGENT_DIST_CHANNEL`|The package distribution channel. Possible values are `stable` or `beta` on production repositories, and `stable`, `beta` or `nightly` on custom repositories. Other channels can be targeted with `TESTING_APT_URL` or `TESTING_YUM_URL`|

Reviewer 2: <!-- Nitpicks are small, trivial, but necessary changes. Distinguishing nitpick comments significantly helps direct the reader's attention to comments requiring more involvement.  -->
**🥜 nitpick:** ‏ 
```suggestion
|`DD_AGENT_DIST_CHANNEL`|The package distribution channel. Possible values are `stable` or `beta` on production repositories, and `stable`, `beta` or `nightly` on custom repositories. Other channels can be targeted with `TESTING_APT_URL` or `TESTING_YUM_URL`.|
```

> |`TESTING_REPORT_URL`|A custom URL to receive the report and telemetry in case of script failure.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`TESTING_REPORT_URL`|A custom URL to receive the report and telemetry in case of a script failure.|
```

|`TESTING_APT_REPO_VERSION`|A custom name for the APT package. To be used with `TESTING_APT_URL` to target trial buckets.|
|`TESTING_YUM_VERSION_PATH`|A custom name for the YUM package. To be used with `TESTING_YUM_URL` to target trial buckets.|

## Others scripts

> This repository also contains install script for Observability Pipelines Worker and Vector. More information on documentation pages for [OPW](https://docs.datadoghq.com/observability_pipelines/setup/?tab=docker) and [Vector](https://vector.dev/docs/setup/installation/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository also contains install scripts for Observability Pipelines Worker and Vector. For more information, see the documentation for [OPW](https://docs.datadoghq.com/observability_pipelines/setup/?tab=docker) and [Vector](https://vector.dev/docs/setup/installation/)
```

> This repository also contains install scripts for Observability Pipelines Worker and Vector. For more information, see the documentation for [OPW](https://docs.datadoghq.com/observability_pipelines/setup/?tab=docker) and [Vector](https://vector.dev/docs/setup/installation/)

Reviewer 2: <!-- Nitpicks are small, trivial, but necessary changes. Distinguishing nitpick comments significantly helps direct the reader's attention to comments requiring more involvement.  -->
**🥜 nitpick:** ‏ 
```suggestion
This repository also contains install scripts for Observability Pipelines Worker and Vector. For more information, see the documentation for [OPW](https://docs.datadoghq.com/observability_pipelines/setup/?tab=docker) and [Vector](https://vector.dev/docs/setup/installation/).
```
